# HAP-Hazard Hunter
### The High-Altitude Photography (HAP) Hazard Hunter - Automated detection of hazards from space!

### What is it?
The HAP-Hazard Hunter system is a python notebook submitted by Chris Stewart and David Wang (Team H.A.P-Hazard) as part of the global Spaceapps 2020 hackathon. This code analyzes a prepared subset of data  collected by the MOPITT (Measurements of Pollution in the Troposphere) scientific instrument onboard the Terra (EOS AM-1) satelite, and provided by the Canadian Space Agency (CSA/ASC). It creates visualizations of Carbon Monoxide (CO) emissions is the atmosphere including those generated by natural disaters and hazards such as wildfires.

It is currently under active development for the second round of CSA judging to add additional features such as machine learning detection of wildfires and user interactivity.

### Usage:
Users are encouraged to download and try the code themselves until an online hosted and interative version is released!

**Important Usage Note:** The CSV data files must be in a directory "/data" at the same level as another directory "/code" where the .ipynb code file must be (your current working directory).
i.e. your directory should look something like this:
 * /spaceapps2020
   * /code
   * /data
 
 with the Visualizer_v0.3.ipynb file in the /code directory and the associated data .csv files in the /data directory

### Credits:
  * Coding & Ideas - *Chris Stewart*
  * Bugfixes & Ideas - *David Wang*


### License:
GNU GPLv3


